openDCIM System Requirements
-------------------------------

LAMP server (Linux / Apache / MySQL / PHP)

Windows with PHP on IIS or Apache should work fine as well, but has not been tested.  If you
set up such a system, please report back on the viability and any specific configuration steps
that you had to complete before the software would work properly.

You will see the acronym DCIM throughout this documentation - this stands for Data Center
Inventory Management.


1.  Prepare the database

Create a database on the mysql server and create a separate username and password for the
software to use.  This user will need full access to the database.  For example, we will use
username "dcim" with password "dcim" on the localhost based mysql server.

From a shell prompt:

$ mysql -h localhost
mysql>  CREATE DATABASE dcim;
mysql>  GRANT ALL ON dcim.* TO 'dcim'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY 'dcim';

At this point you have prepped the database and are ready to configure the web site.

$ cp db.inc.php-dist to db.inc.php
$ vi db.inc.php

Fill in the blanks for user, pass, database, server.

2.  Configure Apache

It is suggested that you run openDCIM under SSL, preferably on its own IP address and server
name.  This is because the system relies upon the web server to authenticate users and pass that
information to the scripts.  Refer to the Apache (or other web server software) documenation on
how exactly to accomplish this.  It is recommended that you configure the server as

https://dcim.yourdomain.com

You can choose to either authenticate against a local password file, LDAP, or anything else
supported by your web server software.  The main thing is to authenticate users before entering
the site.


3.  Log in to the site

Whoever logs in to the website first automatically becomes the site administrator!  This can be
changed later, but in order to work at all the system has to define at least one administrator.

Browse to the URL that you set up for your installation.  For instance:

https://dcim.yourdomain.com/

If you have set up the database permissions correctly, it will handle the installation for you.

You will have to delete the install.php file after configuration is complete in order to continue.
